chore: add changelog (#1025)
coder/docs: changelog/1.32.0.md

---
title: "1.32.0"
description: "Released on 06/22/2022"
---

### Breaking changes ❗

There are no breaking changes in 1.32.0.

### Features ✨

- web: added details to workspace-related logging, including image repository
  name, an audit log diff for workspace updates, and resource information for
  build/delete jobs.
- web: added workspace details to dev URL audit log entries.
- infra: updated Coder logs to include user ID, workspace ID, org ID, and image
  hash, name, and tag.
- web: removed 1 MB upload limit on dev URLs.
- infra: exposed workspace build times as a Prometheus endpoint metric.
- infra: doubled the UID and GID map size for cached CVMs from 65k to 131k.

> - web: added offline documentation accessible at /docs.

Author: ```suggestion
- web: added offline documentation accessible to those with air-gapped deployments.
```

### Bug fixes 🐛

- web: fixed issue where image tag processing stops if the image tag fails to
  update (due to expired credentials, change in endpoints, etc.), resulting in
  tags not being updated hourly.
- web: fixed issue where workspaces that auto-start were not retrieving the
  latest image tag.
- infra: fixed issue where OIDC access tokens without a set expiration time were
  treated as expired.
- web: fixed issue where opening a JetBrain IDE wasn't logged to the audit log.
- web: fixed issue where the audit log doesn't log the first time VS Code (Code
  Web) is opened in a new workspace.
- web: fixed the "Open in Coder" button flow.
- web: fixed dev URLs occasionally disappearing.
- infra: fixed resource quota errors not showing up in the build log.
- infra: fixed incorrectly inserted stats during auto-off.

> - infra: prevented auto-off actions if auto-off is already running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- infra: prevented duplicate auto-off events in the audit log.
```
